Improve Online Search: Parallelize Search, Use Jina Reader API by default (#832)
khoj-ai/khoj: documentation/docs/features/online_search.md

# Online Search

> Khoj will research on the internet to ground it's responses, when real-time or other information outside it's existing knowledge is requested. It will always show any online references it used to respond to your requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Khoj will research on the internet to ground its responses, when it determines that it would need fresh information outside its existing knowledge to answer the query. It will always show any online references it used to respond to your requests.
```

> By default, Khoj will try infer which information sources, it needs to read to answer your question. This can include reading your documents or researching information online. You can also explicitly trigger an online search by adding the `/online` prefix to your chat query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Khoj will try to infer which information sources it needs to read to answer your question. This can include reading your documents or researching information online. You can also explicitly trigger an online search by adding the `/online` prefix to your chat query.
```
